In Swing graphic environment implement graphic user interface using integrated desktop environment NetBeans, which will enable editing of a text file, selection of text colour, text search and simple processing of the found text. The user interface should be based on the main window (JFrame) and should contain menu bar (JMenuBar) with menus  File, Search, Colour and Help, which are cascade buttons, followed by pull-down menus (JMenu). Menu File should contain menu items Open, Save and Exit. The first options triggers the appearance of the file chooser dialog (JFileChooser), and display of the selected file in the text editor. The second option saves the content of the text editor into the file with a new user-defined name. The third options closes the program.


Menu Search should have two menu items: Select all and Papayan. The first menu item finds and sets the background of all occurrences of the searched text string to yellow colour, while also positioning the cursor at the beginning of the first occurrence of the searched text string. Selecting  Papayan also adds (in all occurrences of the searched text string) a letter »p« immediately after each vowel (a, e, i, o or u, you do not have to take the y into account)  and  also a previous vowel after the letter »p«. While for the first vowel in found string always add letters »p« and »a«. (Example: found string  »Ljubljanica« is transformed into  »Ljupabljapunipacapi«). All found and transformed strings should also be coloured yellow.

Menu Colours should contain two menu items Foreground and Background, which enable setting the foreground and the background colour of the currently selected text. For selecting colours use the colour chooser dialog (JColorChooser). Menu Help should contain the About menu item, which displays the data about the author of the program.

Underlined letters in the menu item names are mnemonics, which you have to implement.

Add a panel container (JPanel) into the work area of the main window, which will contain text area with graphic attributes (JTextPane) and  text field »Search:« (JTextField). The text field will be used for entering the search text. Add also scroll bars  (JScrollPane) to the text editor, which are attached to the work area of the editor. 

At the bottom of the window add a single-line label (JLabel). When the file is opened the data about the opened file (the file name and its size in bytes) should be displayed in this label. During the program use the messages about the program operations should be displayed in the label using user friendly language. For instance, the user should be informed about the searched text and the number of detected appearances. Users should also be informed about the other important events, e.g. (un)successful opening or saving files, successful translation into Papayan, etc.

Add also a tool bar (JToolBar) to the main window, which contains buttons (JButton) Open, Save, Find all and Papayan with the same functionalities as the equally named menu items in the menu bar. All buttons are separated using separators (JSeparator). In order for the user to be able to freely move the menu bar you have to user border layout (BorderLayout) in the main window.